Add a logistic regression example to the Getting Started section (#2021)
FluxML/Flux.jl: docs/src/tutorials/logistic_regression.md

# Logistic Regression

> The following page contains a step-by-step walkthrough of the logistic regression algorithm in `Julia` using `Flux`! We will then create a simple logistic regression model without any usage of `Flux` and compare the different working parts with `Flux`'s implementation. 

Reviewer: A minor style change I'd make globally is not to write package names as code. And perhaps to put a few less `!`s!
```suggestion
The following page contains a step-by-step walkthrough of the logistic regression algorithm in Julia using Flux. We will then create a simple logistic regression model without any usage of Flux and compare the different working parts with Flux's implementation. 
```

Let's start by importing the required `Julia` packages!

```jldoctest logistic_regression
julia> using Flux, Statistics, MLDatasets, DataFrames, OneHotArrays
```

## Dataset

> Let's start by importing a dataset from `MLDatasets.jl`! We will use the `Iris` dataset that contains the data of three different `Iris` species. The data consists of 150 data points (`x`s), each having four features. Each of these `x` is mapped to `y`, the name of a particular `Iris` specie.

Reviewer: Maybe mention that this will download it the first time.

Actually I get an error, it wants me to load DataFrames. Maybe the tutorial should too?
```
julia> using MLDatasets

julia> Iris()
This program has requested access to the data dependency Iris.
which is not currently installed. It can be installed automatically, and you will not see this message again.

Dataset: The Iris dataset
Website: https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Iris

Do you want to download the dataset from ["https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/machine-learning-databases/iris/iris.data"] to "/Users/me/.julia/datadeps/Iris"?
[y/n]
y
ERROR: Add `import DataFrames` or `using DataFrames` to your code to unlock this functionality.
Stacktrace:
  [1] error(s::String)
    @ Base ./error.jl:35
  [2] assert_imported
    @ ~/.julia/packages/MLDatasets/A3giY/src/require.jl:30 [inlined]
  [3] require_import
    @ ~/.julia/packages/MLDatasets/A3giY/src/require.jl:37 [inlined]
  [4] getproperty
    @ ~/.julia/packages/MLDatasets/A3giY/src/require.jl:23 [inlined]
  [5] read_csv_asdf(path::String; kws::Base.Pairs{Symbol, Int64, Tuple{Symbol}, NamedTuple{(:header,), Tuple{Int64}}})
    @ MLDatasets ~/.julia/packages/MLDatasets/A3giY/src/io.jl:16
```

Author: Yes, it has been loaded above. I will add a note about the dataset being downloaded the first time.

```jldoctest logistic_regression
julia> Iris()
dataset Iris:
  metadata   =>    Dict{String, Any} with 4 entries
  features   =>    150×4 DataFrame
  targets    =>    150×1 DataFrame
  dataframe  =>    150×5 DataFrame

> julia> x, y = Iris(as_df=false)[:];

Reviewer: It's a little opaque what `[:]` is doing here. Is there any way to explain easily how you are meant to know to do that? 

`Iris().features` gives a DataFrame, whose columns are 
```
julia> names(Iris().features)
4-element Vector{String}:
 "sepallength"
 "sepalwidth"
 "petallength"
 "petalwidth"
```
And
```
julia> y
1×150 Matrix{InlineStrings.String15}:
 "Iris-setosa"  "Iris-setosa"  …  "Iris-virginica"

julia> x |> summary
"4×150 Matrix{Float64}"
```

Maybe most importantly, what exactly are x & y and what do they mean? How do they relate to flowers & why might we expect to be able to predict one from the other?

Author: The official example of the dataset uses `[:]` to retrieve the x and y values - https://juliaml.github.io/MLDatasets.jl/stable/datasets/misc/#MLDatasets.Iris.

I will explain the dataset a bit.

```jldoctest logistic_regression
julia> y_r = reshape(y, (150, 1));

julia> custom_y_onehot = unique(y_r) .== permutedims(y_r)
3×150 BitMatrix:
 1  1  1  1  1  1  1  1  1  1  1  1  1  …  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0
 0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0     0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0
 0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0  0     1  1  1  1  1  1  1  1  1  1  1  1
```

This same operation can also be performed using [OneHotArrays](https://github.com/FluxML/OneHotArrays.jl)' `onehotbatch` function! We will use both of these outputs parallelly to show how intuitive `FluxML` is!

```jldoctest logistic_regression
julia> flux_y_onehot = onehotbatch(y_r, ["Iris-setosa", "Iris-versicolor", "Iris-virginica"])
3×150×1 OneHotArray(::Matrix{UInt32}) with eltype Bool:

> [:, :, 1] =

Reviewer: Should this use just `y` to get `3×150` without training dim?

Author: Using `y` gives me a matrix of size `3x1x150` -
```julia
julia> flux_y_onehot = onehotbatch(y, ["Iris-setosa", "Iris-versicolor", "Iris-virginica"]) |> summary
"3×1×150 OneHotArray(::Matrix{UInt32}) with eltype Bool"
```

Reviewer 2: I might've missed this, but why not use `y_r = vec(y)` or `vec(y)` directly?

Author: Oh yes, that should work!

```jldoctest logistic_regression; filter = r"[+-]?([0-9]*[.])?[0-9]+(f[+-]*[0-9])?"
julia> W = rand(Float32, 3, 4);

julia> b = [0.0f0, 0.0f0, 0.0f0];
```

Now our model can take in the complete dataset and predict the class of each `x` in one go! But, we need to ensure that our model outputs the probabilities of an input belonging to the respective classes. As our model has three outputs, each would denote the probability of the input belonging to a particular class.

We will use an activation function to map our outputs to a probability value. It would make sense to use a `softmax` activation function here, which is defined mathematically as -

```math
σ(\vec{x}) = \frac{\\e^{z_{i}}}{\\sum_{j=1}^{k} \\e^{z_{j}}}
```

The `softmax` function scales down the outputs to probability values such that the sum of all the final outputs equals `1`. Let's implement this in `Julia`!

```jldoctest logistic_regression
julia> custom_softmax(x) = exp.(x) ./ sum(exp.(x), dims=1)
custom_softmax (generic function with 1 method)
```

> The implementation looks straightforward enough! Note that we specify `dims=1` in the `sum` function to calculate the sum of probabilities across columns. Remember, we will have a `3X150` matrix (predicted `y`s) as the output of our model, where each column would be an output of a corresponding input.

Reviewer: I never know whether "across columns" means "perpendicular", or "comparing different columns", rather than "within one colunm, applied to all". Maybe this avoids that:
```suggestion
The implementation looks straightforward enough! Note that we specify `dims=1` in the `sum` function to calculate the sum of probabilities in each column. Remember, we will have a 3×150 matrix (predicted `y`s) as the output of our model, where each column would be an output of a corresponding input.
```

Let's combine this `softmax` function with our model to construct the complete `custom_model`.

```jldoctest logistic_regression
julia> custom_model(W, b, x) = m(W, b, x) |> custom_softmax
custom_model (generic function with 1 method)
```

Let's check if our model works.

```jldoctest logistic_regression
julia> custom_model(W, b, x) |> size
(3, 150)
```

It works! Let's check if the `softmax` function is working.

```jldoctest logistic_regression

> julia> all(custom_model(W, b, x) .< 1.0f0) && all(custom_model(W, b, x) .> 0.0f0)

Reviewer: This can be simpler:
```suggestion
julia> all(0 .<= custom_model(x) .<= 1)
```

(Float32[0.78588694 -0.45968163 -0.77409476 0.2358028; -0.9049773 -0.58643705 0.466441 -0.79523873; 0.82426906 0.4143493 0.7630932 0.020588955], Float32[0.0, 0.0, 0.0])
```

We can now pass the complete data in one go, with each data point having four features (four inputs)!

## Loss and accuracy

Our next step should be to define some quantitative values for our model, which we will maximize or minimize during the complete training procedure. These values will be the loss function and the accuracy metric.

Let's start by defining a loss function, a `logitcrossentropy` function.

```jldoctest logistic_regression
julia> custom_logitcrossentropy(ŷ, y) = mean(.-sum(y .* logsoftmax(ŷ; dims = 1); dims = 1));
```

Now we can wrap the `custom_logitcrossentropy` inside a function that takes in the model parameters, `x`s, and `y`s, and returns the loss value.

```jldoctest logistic_regression; filter = r"[+-]?([0-9]*[.])?[0-9]+(f[+-]*[0-9])?"
julia> function custom_loss(W, b, x, y)
           ŷ = custom_model(W, b, x)
           custom_logitcrossentropy(ŷ, y)
       end;

julia> custom_loss(W, b, x, custom_y_onehot)
1.1714406827505623
```

The loss function works!

> `Flux` provides us with many minimal yet elegant loss functions. In fact, the `custom_logitcrossentropy` defined above has been taken directly from `Flux`, the only difference being the functionalities provided by `Flux` is much more general. For example, you can use the `Flux.logitcrossentropy` with any dataset, but `custom_logitcrossentropy` is specific to this tutorial and would give weird results if used otherwise.

Reviewer: What does "more general" mean here?

Things you could say are that it includes some sanity-checks on the shapes, and that you are more likely to make a typo.

But I think that otherwise this is in fact identical, and a function you write isn't a 2nd class citizen. That's a feature.

We can divide this task into two parts -
1. Identify the index of the maximum element of each column in the output matrix
2. Convert this index to a class name

The maximum index should be calculated along the columns (remember, each column is the output of a single `x` data point). We can use Julia's `argmax` function to achieve this.

```jldoctest logistic_regression; filter = r"[+-]?([0-9]*[.])?[0-9]+(f[+-]*[0-9])?"
julia> argmax(custom_y_onehot, dims=1)  # calculate the cartesian index of max element column-wise
1×150 Matrix{CartesianIndex{2}}:
 CartesianIndex(1, 1)  CartesianIndex(1, 2)  …  CartesianIndex(3, 150)

julia> max_el = Tuple.(argmax(custom_y_onehot, dims=1))
1×150 Matrix{Tuple{Int64, Int64}}:
 (1, 1)  (1, 2)  (1, 3)  (1, 4)  (1, 5)  …  (3, 148)  (3, 149)  (3, 150)

julia> max_el = [x[1] for x in max_el]
1×150 Matrix{Int64}:
 1  1  1  1  1  1  1  1  1  1  1  1  1  …  3  3  3  3  3  3  3  3  3  3  3  3
```

Now we can write a function that calculates the indices of the maximum element in each column, and maps them to a class name.

```jldoctest logistic_regression
julia> function custom_onecold(custom_y_onehot)

>            max_el = string.([x[1] for x in Tuple.(argmax(custom_y_onehot, dims=1))])
>            max_el[max_el.=="1"] .= "Iris-setosa"
>            max_el[max_el.=="2"] .= "Iris-versicolor"
>            max_el[max_el.=="3"] .= "Iris-virginica"
>            vec(max_el)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
           max_idx = [x[1] for x in argmax(custom_y_onehot; dims=1)]
           classes = ["Iris-setosa", "Iris-versicolor", "Iris-virginica"]
           return classes[max_idx]
```
Is what I was thinking of. It may help to extract the classes into a separate `const` variable if they're used elsewhere.

Author: That worked! Thanks!

```jldoctest logistic_regression; filter = r"[+-]?([0-9]*[.])?[0-9]+(f[+-]*[0-9])?"
julia> findmax(custom_y_onehot, dims=1)
(Bool[1 1 … 1 1], CartesianIndex{2}[CartesianIndex(1, 1) CartesianIndex(1, 2) … CartesianIndex(3, 149) CartesianIndex(3, 150)])

julia> mxidx = findmax(custom_y_onehot, dims=1)[2]
1×150 Matrix{CartesianIndex{2}}:
 CartesianIndex(1, 1)  CartesianIndex(1, 2)  …  CartesianIndex(3, 150)

julia> mxidx[1].I
(1, 1)

julia> mxidx[1].I[1]
1
```

Now we can write a function that iterates over our output, calculates the indices of the maximum element in each column, and maps them to a class name.  

```jldoctest logistic_regression
julia> function custom_onecold(custom_y_onehot)
           mxidx = findmax(custom_y_onehot, dims=1)[2]
           custom_y_cold = Vector{String}(undef, size(custom_y_onehot)[2])
           for i = 1:size(custom_y_onehot)[2]
               if mxidx[i].I[1] == 1
                   custom_y_cold[i] = "Iris-setosa"
               elseif mxidx[i].I[1] == 2
                   custom_y_cold[i] = "Iris-versicolor"
               elseif mxidx[i].I[1] == 3
                   custom_y_cold[i] = "Iris-virginica"
               end

>            end

Reviewer 2: Could this use `findfirst` instead of the if statement? The vectorized version of `findfirst` might be able to replace the loop too.

Author: i did manage to vectorize the loop and get rid off the if statements using just `argmax`!

           custom_y_cold
       end;

julia> custom_onecold(custom_y_onehot)
150-element Vector{String}:
 "Iris-setosa"
 "Iris-setosa"
 "Iris-setosa"
 "Iris-setosa"
 "Iris-setosa"
 "Iris-setosa"
 "Iris-setosa"
 "Iris-setosa"
 "Iris-setosa"
 "Iris-setosa"
 ⋮
 "Iris-virginica"
 "Iris-virginica"
 "Iris-virginica"
 "Iris-virginica"
 "Iris-virginica"
 "Iris-virginica"
 "Iris-virginica"
 "Iris-virginica"
 "Iris-virginica"
```

It works!

Flux provides users with the `onecold` function so that we don't have to write it on our own. Let's see how our `custom_onecold` function compares to `Flux.onecold`.

```jldoctest logistic_regression
julia> istrue = Flux.onecold(flux_y_onehot, ["Iris-setosa", "Iris-versicolor", "Iris-virginica"]) .== custom_onecold(custom_y_onehot);

julia> all(istrue)
true
```

Both the functions act identically!

We now move to the `accuracy` metric and run it with the untrained `custom_model`.

```jldoctest logistic_regression; filter = r"[+-]?([0-9]*[.])?[0-9]+(f[+-]*[0-9])?"
julia> custom_accuracy(W, b, x, y) = mean(custom_onecold(custom_model(W, b, x)) .== y_r);

julia> custom_accuracy(W, b, x, y)
0.3333333333333333
```

> Alternatively, we can use the functionalities provided by Flux to define the `flux_accuracy` function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We could also have used Flux's built-in functionality to define this accuracy function.
```

0.24
```

## Training the model

Let's train our model using the classic Gradient Descent algorithm. According to the gradient descent algorithm, the weights and biases should be iteratively updated using the following mathematical equations -

```math
\begin{aligned}
W &= W - \eta * \frac{dL}{dW} \\
b &= b - \eta * \frac{dL}{db}
\end{aligned}
```

Here, `W` is the weight matrix, `b` is the bias vector, ``\eta`` is the learning rate, ``\frac{dL}{dW}`` is the derivative of the loss function with respect to the weight, and ``\frac{dL}{db}`` is the derivative of the loss function with respect to the bias.

The derivatives are calculated using an Automatic Differentiation tool, and Flux uses [`Zygote.jl`](https://github.com/FluxML/Zygote.jl) for the same. Since Zygote.jl is an independent Julia package, it can be used outside of Flux as well! Refer to the documentation of Zygote.jl for more information on the same.

Our first step would be to obtain the gradient of the loss function with respect to the weights and the biases. Flux re-exports Zygote's `gradient` function; hence, we don't need to import Zygote explicitly to use the functionality.

```jldoctest logistic_regression

> julia> dLdW, dLdb, _, _ = gradient(custom_loss, W, b, x, custom_y_onehot);

Reviewer 2: Thoughts on either closing over `x` and `custom_y_onehot` in an anonymous function to avoid having to `_, _ = ...`, or adding a brief sentence explaining why we're ignoring certain gradients?

```jldoctest logistic_regression; filter = r"[+-]?([0-9]*[.])?[0-9]+(f[+-]*[0-9])?"
julia> custom_loss(W, b, x, custom_y_onehot)
0.6520349798243569
```

As expected, the loss went down too! Now, let's repeat the same steps with our `flux_model`.

We can write a similar-looking training loop for our `flux_model` and train it similarly.

```jldoctest logistic_regression; filter = r"[+-]?([0-9]*[.])?[0-9]+(f[+-]*[0-9])?"
julia> flux_loss(flux_model, x, flux_y_onehot)
1.215731131385928

julia> function train_flux_model()
           dLdm, _, _ = gradient(flux_loss, flux_model, x, flux_y_onehot)
           @. flux_model[1].weight = flux_model[1].weight - 0.1 * dLdm[:layers][1][:weight]
           @. flux_model[1].bias = flux_model[1].bias - 0.1 * dLdm[:layers][1][:bias]
       end;

julia> for i = 1:500
            train_flux_model();
            flux_accuracy(x, y) >= 0.98 && break
       end
```

Looking at the accuracy and loss value -

```jldoctest logistic_regression; filter = r"[+-]?([0-9]*[.])?[0-9]+(f[+-]*[0-9])?"
julia> @show flux_accuracy(x, y);
flux_accuracy(x, y) = 0.98

julia> flux_loss(flux_model, x, flux_y_onehot)
0.6952386604624324
```

> The accuracy went up! The loss went down! Everything worked again!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We see a very similar final loss and accuracy.
```
Not 100% on this, but the thought is to re-emphasize how functionally similar the two approaches are.
